src/_guides/creator.md, before:

## Overview ##

Enigma is a Jeopardy-like study or quiz tool. Questions are separated into categories. Unlike Jeaopardy, every question in a row is given the same score weight.

![enigma creator screen](assets/create_widget_enigma.png "enigma creator screen")

1. Title of the widget
2. Category row
3. Questions in category
4. Add a new question
5. Add a new category
6. Toggle to hide correct answers in the score screen
7. Randomize ordering of answers within a question

## Details ##

### Categories ###

Categories can be used to group questions according to similarities in their content or purpose.  Each category can have up to six questions.

### Questions ###

![enigma question screen](assets/create_widget_enigma_question.png "enigma question screen")

1. Question Text
2. Answer Text
3. Optional feedback for a given answer
4. Score value options
5. Delete Answer
6. Add another answer choice
7. Delete this question

#### Answers ####

Questions must have at least one 100% correct answer, but may have more than one answer choice marked correct. In addition, you can use the **Set percentage** option to assign a percentage score value for the corresponding answer choice.

If the **Randomize Answer Order** check box in the main screen is toggled on, then the order of answer choices within each question will be randomized every time a student plays this widget.

<aside>
	Keep in mind that <strong>Randomize Answer Order</strong> will not affect the order of the questions within a category, only the answers for each question.
</aside>

#### Hide Correct Answers ####

If this option is selected, the correct answer will not be provided on the score screen once a student completes the widget. By default, the score screen will display which answers were incorrect, along with the correct value for each question.

#### Feedback ####

Feedback is purely optional, but may be used to provide helpful information for incorrect answers or additional details for correct answers.

Commit message:

dependency cleanup & small corrections to guide text

src/_guides/creator.md, after:

## Overview ##

Enigma is a Jeopardy-like multiple choice quiz tool. Questions are separated into categories. Unlike Jeopardy, every question in a row is given the same score weight.

![enigma creator screen](assets/create_widget_enigma.png "enigma creator screen")

1. Title of the widget
2. Category row
3. Questions in category
4. Add a new question
5. Add a new category
6. Toggle to hide correct answers in the score screen
7. Randomize ordering of answers within a question

## Details ##

### Categories ###

Categories can be used to group questions according to similarities in their content or purpose. Each category can have up to six questions. You can alter the vertical arrangement of categories by clicking the up or down arrows on the right side of the category text.

### Questions ###

![enigma question screen](assets/create_widget_enigma_question.png "enigma question screen")

1. Question Text
2. Answer Text
3. Optional feedback for a given answer
4. Score value options
5. Delete Answer
6. Add another answer choice
7. Delete this question

#### Answers ####

Questions must have at least one 100% correct answer, but may have more than one answer choice marked correct. In addition, you can use the **Set percentage** option to assign a percentage score value for the corresponding answer choice.

If the **Randomize Answer Order** check box in the main screen is toggled on, then the order of answer choices within each question will be randomized every time a student plays this widget.

<aside>
	Keep in mind that <strong>Randomize Answer Order</strong> will not affect the order of the questions within a category, only the answers for each question.
</aside>

#### Hide Correct Answers ####

If this option is selected, the correct answer will not be provided on the score screen once a student completes the widget. By default, the score screen will display which answers were incorrect, along with the correct value for each question.

#### Feedback ####

Feedback is purely optional, but may be used to provide helpful information for incorrect answers or additional details for correct answers.
